So let's try to do something a little more interesting.
Let's look for zero-crossings in our signal.
So zero-crossing are the points in time where our signal crosses y equal zero axis.
One way we can do that is by first finding the sign of our signal and then looking
for points in time where
the sign changes and then getting the index locations at those times.
So what we end up with is a list of sample locations and we
can check that these sample locations are correct by plotting them on top of our signal.
So what we do is we first plot our signal as before and then we plot
only the specific locations for
our zero-crossings using red markers with a marker size of 10.
So we get something like this where we do see our red dots and they're all near zero,
but they're not exactly at zero.
So if we zoom in, we can see that they fall in
parts of the signals that is changing rapidly.
At this point, it's important to remember that
our original signal is in this continuous line,
it's actually digitally sampled.
So maybe if we plot our signal using dots as well,
we can see what's going on.
We find that there is no value of the signal at y equal zero,
which didn't happen to sample at that point in time.
So instead what we found are the points that are closest to the actual zero-crossings.
Next, we'll look at techniques for comparing two signals.